This folder contains the full suite for the initial generation of samples for the prediction project.

The file jakes_totxt.py can be tweaked to choose the number of different channel random variables needed and the covariance and mean matrices can be customised as per needs(randomised for the generation part). The number of data points needed for the audio signal can be found out from the shape of the audio to be processed and fed into the generator file. It outputs a channel.txt file which contains the channel values thus generated using the jakes model.

The file transmit.txt generalises the process of sending a signal, modifying it due to the effect of the channel, adding noise to the modified signal(either by computing the noise with respect to the entire signal or with respect to the packet that is being transmit at that instant) and using least squares method to find the best value of the channel value which is assumed to be constant over that window using a header/pilot signal. The recieved signal is then divided by this channel value to retrive the original signal to a good accuracy. Some interesting methods are used to improve the accuracy, all of which would be clear if the code is studied thoroughly. It also includes functionality to do the same using audiofiles to hear the difference and progress of the programs through different stages.

There are also two other inference programs that run over different packetsizes and headersizes to see their effect on the MSE after recovering a transmit signal. The plots derived at the end of these programs are very informative and provide valuable insight to the method of recovering signals after transmission through a wireless channel.

Extension to do: A single script can be made to take in the number of channels and to generate the values and perform operations on the generated signals. The results can also be studied on different types of headers and their properties. Other noise removal methods can also be tried to see their performance on removing AWGN and decreasing the mse on the final signal.
